MicroVM_how_to_run_a_nativeplatformsagnositcervice_in_an_isolated_enviroment
-------------------
What do you mean by properly? I'm going to be defining a micro VM. A micro VM. CM is. Let's know the fundamental problems. Of micro VM. What is the fundamental problem of Microvium? A micro virtual machine? A micro virtual machine? How to run a a native service? Unsupported environment. How to run a little service in an entrepreneur environment? To ask the question What is a microvium? A micro review allows you to run an unsupported service and an unsupported a native service in an unsupported environment. It's micro isolation. Primarily I'm a micro VM. Serves as not a bridge, but actual need to service in an isolated environment. In an in an in an unsupported isolated environment. It makes it, it works because it's, uh, beautiful. It's a continuization. It's like a, it's like a little darker. You have docker. Docker works in a way that is. Umm uh, Docker works by containing uh uh it's usually works uh uh users native services to contain for environment a micro VM doesn't use difference between docker and a micro VM Miami collision of micro spread and for Mike iPhone C with Charlie Love Romeo O for Oscar is that a micro VM does not use the native libraries. For example. It's a plug and play system. Plug and play system. It's basically. You stole it and you uses user service. You plug and you PLU, you plug and you plug it. You you attach it, you attach it or you host it and then you you serve the services directly without using any only in the native tools that are are provided by a target language like a programming language. A web-based example I'm going to give you is Docker a problem. The problem with Dhaka is that Dakar container is everything but you know, uses Windows containers. Uh, or, or uses Windows containers or Windows containers to contain for native architecture. That is a middleman, uh, in the problem. It's just a containerized Windows or Linux, uh, based on the platform. Umm, this my, my, uh, micro VM micro VM is a platform, uh, independent. Platform agnostic. It doesn't care about the platform. It's a micro virtual machine on a platform. I'm trying to scratch the purpose of how this works. It works in an isolated environment. Allows you to swap and or swap as or out swap services or hot swap, hot swap. Uh, hot swap. Uh, uh, hot swap, uh. Uh, features or language features, but plug immediately you you take it up. By plug I mean you install it. Make sure it's working with. It does. Does it work practically? You have a project workspace. A project workspace is the root of the project. For example, you have a project name. Uh produce name full slash product name. Uh, but they share the same name, so pretty names Ruth folder and the sub project name. Project name uh is Rufo is the uh the precious workspace is the root folder and or pretty workspace and then projection name. The project can be, uh, installed, uh uh, uh, directly from the project workspace because the project workspace is associated with that project. So don't be have workspace folds like project, workspace, project. Dolby A workspace name full slash workspace project and that will be installable via the candidate of the workspace. Now, how does this ensure isolation? The second principle, the project contains the source code. But you have to zip the workspace. You have to zip the project, you have to zip the workspace. Your goal is to zip the workspace. By zipping, by making making the workplaces an archive, you are protecting it from the host environment. The principle works because you can drag and drop the folder. Off the zip. Photo to off the zip so you have a predict route which is workspace and you have a project project. The roots are very bad workspace, so you can enter the root. Rush route or workspace floor size, project name and project name could be 1 project in the workspace or one VM. So what? How does this work? The project contains the root source code. And the projects are services offered by the VM. The VM is the VM is the VM or virtual machine. Is actual roots workspace that orchestrate the,nds everything. Space is a zip folder that can be unpacked and directly forward. Allows you to run. Native allows gives access to the system so you can have a native shell. I'm going to color flutation of a system, so this is really a design principle for hierarchical folders, use Python - M pip. Uh, workspace dot projects or project A or Python - MP. Project 2 or Project B? It isolates a weapon, for example, if you don't install. A service here you have a decentralized and distributed model of doing This is basically decentralized and distributed model. It's it's it starts like docker. Basically it's like docker because docker hosts isolate processes. What's a microvium does? Uh uh uh I doctor contains uh contains projects so they can run natively. Doesn't continue service. So Donna can spin up a Windows container or list container, but what Micro VM does is offer or localize a native or distributed and distributed virtual machine. We should call a micro VM a micro virtual machine to host the target of the system. For example, you have this orchestration here, but you have orchestration here. You have. This is based on hierarchy. You have the workspace route and those two packaging components A and component of B. Now component B exposed services to the. They have a couple a basically the workspace has. A. The workspace is a process ID. And the process ID can start services, so if if the component A is a service. The workspaces start start service of that component and that is a native service that can be on the server. So the workspace is hosted on the server. The workspace is hosting on server as a zip instrument as a zip archive. And how you connect the system is by making control control by running the process ID. You can also is called a model or card. Uh, cartoon trade. These are primitive ways to do it, but you know, these are for if you want run a model, a model component that registers that rewards elementary that without a polyglot system, the zip will be installed and will be on a server. So it's a web service basically. So the web service is a server. And the web service will know that component A and component one on two are packages or native packages to Python, Node, JavaScript. You know that interest who's here the firm function interface. You can also, umm, consume, umm, umm, umm, uh, shared objects, libraries or, or, or WhatsApp in real time, you know, don't have to wait for new reroad because anything in real time is allows distributed and distributed, you know, and if you can ISIS service mesh that can be used such as peer-to-peer to peer, uh, or three peer-to-peer to peer topology for yes, no and maybe. And distributed governance workflow. You have a terminal, so applications I can run a terminal in the browser that that that recovery spins up because that terminal goes into a system that can be controlled by a,nd and control system. Because because the shelves reverse shell being attached to Alice's laptop and Bob can authenticate Alex like, you know, like a tax rabbit. I prefer the term term tart Robert because Tarth rabbit are the system one use you for so. So in honesty, this is promoter version of the system. As you can see here you have a workspace folder, root workspace, a soft process, a soft process D or you can have which is 2 services, so just process ID with services, native services for the web. So this service 1 and service 2. And it's basically working on a rural workspace. As you can see, the rural workspace here is allows for, you know, the server to. Uh, you know, this is this a package is a bond package, you know, the composed component exposed. So it's a way we can plug and play. We can plug in component 1 and component 2, which are basically used for micro VM isolation for component isolation in real time in production development, you know, you know, but you know, you can, you can take, you can take, you can take any kind of dynamic design library. And use it because the platform any kind of build library, so it's a shared object library. I'm exposed to a native interface. So this component one or two that consumes it and delivers real time feedback loop customers and feedback loop to the system. So for example, if you're writing code, So if you're writing, if you're the code, you have a real time editor that shows people how to code on the system, you know as they are typing it without including any kind of artefact. You know, because you know the the you know the DLL can be consumed natively. On the works in the browser. This is my implication of it. So it's microagnostic. It's a it's a microagnostic system. And this is the beauty of it. So you can install it directly and it will work natively without any. So you can extend it in Python or Node or Lua or TypeScript or any language you so choose and continue a different way for it's called a micro virtual machine. It's a distributed and distributed way of working with artifacts with native with native with with native language artifacts, programming language artefact. Thank you for watching this video

Speechnotes :) https://speechnotes.co